# 403FinalProject

  This experiment is testing the participant's verbal and problem-solving skills by testing how fast the participant can recognize what words are and what words are not anagrams of the word LISTEN. Participants go through 2 blocks and in each block there are two trials where they are presented a list of 10 words and they have to press either "y" (word is an anagram) or "n" (word is not an anagram). The list of the 10 words is randomized at the start of each trial, so the words are not shown in the same order and the words are also not repeated during a trial. This might also be testing short term memory or the ability to remember/recognize patterns. Becuase the participants see the same 10 words all 4 trials, they might remember which words are anagrams and which words are not, which might affect their reaction times as the trials proceed.

  In the list, 5 words are anagrams of the word LISTEN and 5 words are not anagrams. These words that are not anagrams are either missing letters that belong in the word LISTEN or the words contain letters that do not belong in the word. The reaction time and the accuracy of the participant is recorded. The words stay up on the screen until a keypress is performed by the participant and then a new word is shown instantly. I decided that if the words were to disappear off the screen after a couple seconds, it would be harder to determine whether or not the word shown was an anagram. Between the trials, there is a short moment where a fixation cross is shown and the cross then is replaced by a word when the trial starts. 

  I want to note here that the reason I only have 2 trials is because when the program goes through the list and displayed all the values, that is only counted as one trial. If I were to do 10 trials, that would mean that the participant would have to go through the list of words 20 times. This would be highly redundant and unnecessary, so I decided that 2 trials in each block is enough to gather a significant amount of data. 
